hi YouTube it's me ms two exquisite and
I must say right now I am extremely
extremely I'm very upset I'm trying my
best to hold back these tears but I just
can't believe this happened to me right
now I have hair that I ordered and
purchased from a company as you can see
it is still in its bundle state see that
this is the hair this is look I'm
supposed to put this hair in my head
look it looks this is supposed to be
hair i ordered this hair from our hair
calm and here's one bundle here's
another bundle you see that another one
look at that this all this is all I did
was put water on it and this is what
happened this is it's all look it's all
looks like it's like chewed or mad I'm
just so hurt right now because here's
the third bundle
look at that that looks like a nappy
patch of something this oh this is this
can't be hair I don't know what kind of
hair this is or what's going on this is
supposed to be Malaysian wavy curly or
some such hair and I'm supposed to put
it I'm supposed to put it in I spend my
money on this hair I can't get in touch
with the people from the company no
one's calling me back no one's answering
and this is a bunch of crap okay um in
my previous video I showed you a company
that I used for a year you know I've
used them yes that's process wet and
wavy hair I wanted to try the virgin
hair experience everyone talks about the
virgin hair experienced virgin hair
experience and I needed something right
away this is the hair that I have the
hair from our hair com I'm not sure
what's going on but I'm really hurt
right now and I'm upset because when you
take and you spend your hard-earned
money on something you actually want for
it to be the way it's supposed to be so
now I have to try to make I guess I'll
put the other back in or something the
other hair back in which is the actually
friendship refine wet and wavy I just
was tired of having to wet it every
single day because it is processed
heroin is something that I wouldn't have
to just saturate something I could just
put a little bit of something in and go
but this let's see that's a full bundle
that is and look at the hair it's
supposed to be 18 20 and 22 inches I
don't know what inch this is because
this looks like a Mack ball and then you
have this menagerie right here this must
be 222 who knows and then you have this
one right here see that that's these are
just the bundles this is the what this
is unbanned in it
and I'm wetting it to see what would you
know what it would look like wet so this
is the hair that i paid my good money
for right now I'm just so hurt and so
upset I just don't know what to do now I
have to scrounge up some more cash so I
can get some more hair it's now june i
am going to jamaica next month and i
wanted to try something different for
when I go there if not then I'll just
wait and do my order around August so
i'll have my hair for the fall and
winter but that is mine the only update
that I have and again this is hair
Malaysian wavy hair that came from a
company that is just really do me wrong
so thanks a lot subscribe to my channel
bye